README.md, before:

# Javabound

Javabound is a [Starbound] MOD that supplies several Javabutton-related artifact blueprints into your crafting interface. This MOD requires Starbound game as a base product. The game is available on [Steam].
All artifacts contributed by this mod can be crafted for free (as in Free Java Download). "Free as in Free Java Download" is our motto.

![Screenshot02](screenshots/screenshot02.png)

![Screenshot03](screenshots/screenshot03.png)

![Screenshot04](screenshots/screenshot04_.png) &nbsp; &nbsp; ![Screenshot05](screenshots/screenshot05.png)

## Detailed Description of Contents

This MOD includes:

* Category: Decorative
  * あなたとジャバ as **Sign of Java 1 (ja)**

    The first line of the message that accompanies the Javabutton.
    This artifact behaves like a mural painting.

  * 今すぐダウンロー, ド as **Sign of Java 2, 3 (ja)**

    The second and tertiary lines of runes that accompany the Javabutton.
    These artifacts behave like mural paintings.

  * Red Java Button as **Crimson Javabutton (ja)**

    The Javabutton is deepest red, as it is dyed with blood of the martyred.
    You can play with this artifact like a `percussion instrument`.

  * Blue Java Button as **Navy Javabutton (ja)**

    This archaic button is a sacred embodiment of unrecompensated download.
    You can play with this artifact like a `percussion instrument`.

  * Red Java Block as **Crimson Block (ja)**

    A tiny block reminiscent of the Javabutton, blessed with mythical rune.
    This artifact behaves like a table.

* Category: Furniture

  * Red Java Couch as **Crimson Javacouch (ja)**

    The Javacouch is deepest red, as it is dyed with blood of the martyred.
    You can play with this artifact like a `wall mounted couch`.

  * Blue Java Couch as **Navy Javacouch (ja)**

    This archaic couch is a sacred embodiment of unrecompensated download.
    Please handle it like a `wall mounted bed`.

* TODO: Now, only in Japanese. Ready to make English version.

## Installation

1. Buy [Starbound at Steam]
1. Go to Javabound page at Steam Workshop
1. Hit the **Subscribe** button
1. You're all set!

Those who prefer manual installation can rename the src/ directory to Starbound/mods/javabound/. Beware; our support team may not be able to resolve problems caused by manual installation.

## Usage

1. Run Starbound, start a game with your favorite profile.
1. Hit C key to proceed to crafting interface, choose Java artifact of your choice. Click the Craft button to get your Java artifact instance for free (as in Free Java Download).

    ![How to image](screenshots/howto01-crafting_.png)

1. Hit E key to place your artifact to wherever you like.

    ![How to image](screenshots/howto02-putting_.png)

1. Have fun!!!

TODO: We are considering a [Crafting Station] for Java artifacts, separate from standard Basic Crafting interface.

## License

Public Domain (Not unlike Java).

## References

[Starbound]: http://playstarbound.com/ "Starbound"
[Crafting Station]: http://starbounder.org/Crafting_Station "Crafting Station - Starbounder - Starbound Wiki"
[Steam]: http://store.steampowered.com/ "Steam"
[Starbound at Steam]: http://store.steampowered.com/app/211820 "Starbound"

Commit message:

Update README.md for crafting station

README.md, after:

# Javabound

Javabound is a [Starbound] MOD that supplies several Javabutton-related artifact blueprints into your crafting interface. This MOD requires Starbound game as a base product. The game is available on [Steam].
All artifacts contributed by this mod can be crafted for free (as in Free Java Download). "Free as in Free Java Download" is our motto.

![Screenshot02](screenshots/screenshot02.png)

![Screenshot03](screenshots/screenshot03.png)

![Screenshot04](screenshots/screenshot04_.png) &nbsp; &nbsp; ![Screenshot05](screenshots/screenshot05.png)

## Detailed Description of Contents

This MOD includes:

* Category: Decorative
  * あなたとジャバ as **Sign of Java 1 (ja)**

    The first line of the message that accompanies the Javabutton.
    This artifact behaves like a mural painting.

  * 今すぐダウンロー, ド as **Sign of Java 2, 3 (ja)**

    The second and tertiary lines of runes that accompany the Javabutton.
    These artifacts behave like mural paintings.

  * Red Java Button as **Crimson Javabutton (ja)**

    The Javabutton is deepest red, as it is dyed with blood of the martyred.
    You can play with this artifact like a `percussion instrument`.

  * Blue Java Button as **Navy Javabutton (ja)**

    This archaic button is a sacred embodiment of unrecompensated download.
    You can play with this artifact like a `percussion instrument`.

  * Red Java Block as **Crimson Block (ja)**

    A tiny block reminiscent of the Javabutton, blessed with mythical rune.
    This artifact behaves like a table.

* Category: Furniture

  * Red Java Couch as **Crimson Javacouch (ja)**

    The Javacouch is deepest red, as it is dyed with blood of the martyred.
    You can play with this artifact like a `wall mounted couch`.

  * Blue Java Couch as **Navy Javacouch (ja)**

    This archaic couch is a sacred embodiment of unrecompensated download.
    Please handle it like a `wall mounted bed`.

* TODO: Runes that represent the soul of Java are currently in Japanese language. English version is under preparation. We appreciate your continued support for our product!

## Installation

1. Buy [Starbound at Steam]
1. Go to Javabound page at Steam Workshop
1. Hit the **Subscribe** button
1. You're all set!

Those who prefer manual installation can rename the src/ directory to Starbound/mods/javabound/. Beware; our support team may not be able to resolve problems caused by manual installation.

## Usage

1. Run Starbound, start a game with your favorite profile.
1. You need an Inventor's Table. If you haven't crafted one yet, hit C key to open the Crafting interface, then craft an Inventor's Table before putting it in a convenient place.
1. Use the Inventor's Table to craft a Java Factory. It should look like headquarters of some database company.
1. Use the Java Factory with pressing the E key on it.
1. Choose Java artifact of your choice. Click the Craft button to get your Java artifact instances for free (as in Free Java Download).

    ![How to image](screenshots/howto01-crafting_.png)

1. Place your artifact to wherever you like.

    ![How to image](screenshots/howto02-putting_.png)

1. Have fun!!!

## License

Public Domain (Not unlike Java).

## References

[Starbound]: http://playstarbound.com/ "Starbound"
[Crafting Station]: http://starbounder.org/Crafting_Station "Crafting Station - Starbounder - Starbound Wiki"
[Steam]: http://store.steampowered.com/ "Steam"
[Starbound at Steam]: http://store.steampowered.com/app/211820 "Starbound"
